#276353 feat: add iris archive tag filtering documentation (#4)
elexon-data/insights-docs: docs/iris_archive.md

For each dataset Azure Storage Explorer caches 5000 files, and only shows these by default. To load additional files the `Load more` button must be pressed.

> 

Reviewer: I think we don't need this additional line :)

### Tag filtering

> All of the blobs inside the IRIS Archive have 3 tags that can be used for filtering:

Reviewer: This line feels a bit clunky, maybe something more concise like: 'IRIS Archive blobs have 3 tags to filter by:'

 - Dataset - The acronym for the dataset name (e.g. AGPT)
 - Timestamp - Reference time for the blob's data content
 - UploadTime - The time when the blob was uploaded to IRIS

More information about dataset acronyms and reference timestamp fields can be found [here](dataset_fields_for_iris_timestamp.md).

> 

Reviewer: I think it would be good to flag 2 additional things: 
1 - format of the datetimes used in the tags
2 - tags are case sensitive

## Azure Storage Explorer Tag Filtering

> In Azure Storage Explorer, you can click on the filter button (marked with red in the picture below), select the Tag Query and use the tags to retrieve desired blobs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Azure Storage Explorer, you can click on the filter button (marked with red in the example image), select 'Tag Query' and use the tags to retrieve desired blobs
```

![Tag filtering example](attachments/iris_archive-tag_filtering.png)

## Azure API Tag Filtering

You can use the Azure Storage Blob API to request blobs using tag filters.

`https://archive.data.elexon.co.uk/iris-archive?comp=blobs&where=<expression>`

### Expression Syntax

| Operator | Description | Example |
|----------|-------------|---------|
| = | Equal | `where=Dataset = 'AGPT'` |
| > | Greater than | `where=Timestamp > '2023-06-18T10:51:26Z'` |
| >= | Greater than or equal | `where=UploadTime >= '2023-06-18T00:00:00Z'` |
| < | Less than | `where=Timestamp < '2023-06-20T00:00:00Z'` |
| <= | Less than or equal | `where=UploadTime <= '2023-06-19T23:59:59Z'` |
| AND | Logical and | `where=Dataset = 'AGPT' AND Timestamp > '2023-06-18T00:00:00Z' AND Timestamp < '2023-06-20T00:00:00Z'` |

> 

Reviewer: I think it might be good to include an example with a date range query, as this is the most common query we would be expecting, something like: 

### Example 

To search for blobs uploaded to IRIS on 14th April 2025 for the BOAV dataset: 
Dataset=BOAV, UploadTime > 2025-04-14 AND UploadTime < 2025-04-15 
{also include API query string}
